Add launcher command section (#13129)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/installation/deployment.rst

See :doc:`/connector` for more information about configuring connectors.

The installation provides a ``bin/launcher`` utility, which requires Python in
the ``PATH``. The utility can be used manually or as a daemon startup script. It
accepts six commands:

.. _using-launcher:

Using the ``launcher`` command
------------------------------

The installation provides a ``bin/launcher`` utility, which requires Python in
the ``PATH``. The utility can be used manually or as a daemon startup script. It

> accepts six commands:

Reviewer: > *these* commands

So that we don't have to keep it in sync with the list below.

    - Shuts down a server started with either ``start`` or ``run``. Sends the
      SIGTERM signal.
  * - ``restart``
    - Stops then restarts a running server, or starts a stopped server,
      assigning a new process ID.
  * - ``kill``
    - Shuts down a possibly hung server by sending the SIGKILL signal.
  * - ``status``
    - Prints a status line, either *Stopped pid* or *Running as pid*.

The ``-v`` or ``--verbose`` option for each command prepends the server's
current settings before the command's usual output, much like the following
example:

.. code-block:: text

   config_path     = /etc/sep/config.properties
   data_dir        = /opt/starburst
   etc_dir         = /etc/sep
   install_path    = /opt/starburst
   jvm_config      = /etc/sep/jvm.config
   jvm_options     = []
   launcher_config = /opt/starburst/bin/launcher.properties
   launcher_log    = /opt/starburst/var/log/launcher.log
   log_levels      = /etc/sep/log.properties
   log_levels_set  = False
   node_config     = /etc/sep/node.properties
   pid_file        = /opt/starburst/var/run/launcher.pid
   properties      = {'node.environment': 'demo', 'node.id': 'ffffffff-ffff-ffff-ffff-ffffffffffff'}

>    server_log      = /opt/starburst/var/log/server.log

Reviewer: Use /etc/trino, /opt/trino, etc.

Running Trino
--------------

> The installation provides a ``bin/launcher`` utility, which requires Python in

Reviewer 2: lets call it "script" .. not "utility"

      SIGTERM signal.
  * - ``restart``
    - Stops then restarts a running server, or starts a stopped server,
      assigning a new process ID.
  * - ``kill``
    - Shuts down a possibly hung server by sending the SIGKILL signal.
  * - ``status``
    - Prints a status line, either *Stopped pid* or *Running as pid*.

The ``-v`` or ``--verbose`` option for each command prepends the server's
current settings before the command's usual output, much like the following
examples:

.. code-block:: text

   config_path     = /etc/trino/config.properties
   data_dir        = /opt/trino
   etc_dir         = /etc/trino
   install_path    = /opt/trino
   jvm_config      = /etc/trino/jvm.config
   jvm_options     = []
   launcher_config = /opt/trino/bin/launcher.properties
   launcher_log    = /opt/trino/var/log/launcher.log
   log_levels      = /etc/trino/log.properties
   log_levels_set  = False
   node_config     = /etc/trino/node.properties
   pid_file        = /opt/trino/var/run/launcher.pid
   properties      = {'node.environment': 'demo', 'node.id': 'ffffffff-ffff-ffff-ffff-ffffffffffff'}
   server_log      = /opt/trino/var/log/server.log
   verbose         = True

> A number of additional options allow you to specify non-default configuration

Reviewer 2: Lets move this up and have the -v stuff afterwards

> current settings before the command's usual output, much like the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
current settings before the command's usual output. For example, you can start a Trino installation in ``/opt/trino`` and get out similar to the following:
```

.. code-block:: text

>    config_path     = /etc/trino/config.properties

Reviewer 2: Replace this snippet with

```
$ cd /opt/trino
$ bin/launcher -v status
config_path     = /opt/trino/etc/config.properties
data_dir        = /opt/trino
etc_dir         = /opt/trino/etc
install_path    = /opt/trino
jvm_config      = /opt/trino/etc/jvm.config
jvm_options     = []
launcher_config = /opt/trino/bin/launcher.properties
launcher_log    = /opt/trino/var/log/launcher.log
log_levels      = /opt/trino/etc/log.properties
log_levels_set  = False
node_config     = /opt/trino/etc/node.properties
pid_file        = /opt/trino/var/run/launcher.pid
properties      = {'node.environment': 'mm_demo'}
server_log      = /opt/trino/var/log/server.log
verbose         = True

Not running
```
